README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# terraform-azure-avm-res-appconfiguration-configurationstore

Deploys an Azure App Configuration Store.
Has submodules for:

- Key Value - the capability to store key-value pairs.
- Key Value (data) - the ability to retrieve key-value pairs.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.diag_settings](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.lock_pe](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoint_lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoint_role_assignments](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoints](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignments](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignments_pe](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the this resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_resource_id"></a> [resource\_group\_resource\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource group id where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_azapi_schema_validation_enabled"></a> [azapi\_schema\_validation\_enabled](#input\_azapi\_schema\_validation\_enabled)

Description: Enable or disable schema validation for AzAPI resources. Default is `true`. Disable this when certain known-after-apply values cause issues with schema validation.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_data_plane_proxy"></a> [data\_plane\_proxy](#input\_data\_plane\_proxy)

Description: An object describing the data plane proxy configuration (access to the data plane via Azure Resource Manager). This includes the following properties:

- `authentication_mode` - The authentication mode for the data plane proxy. Possible values are `"Local"` and `"Pass-through"`.
- `private_link_delegation` - The private link delegation setting for the data plane proxy. Possible values are `"Enabled"` and `"Disabled"`.

If not specified, the default values are:

- `authentication_mode` = `"Pass-through"` (This mode is recommended. Microsoft Entra ID will be passed from Azure Resource Manager to App Configuration for authorization. Proper authorization for both Azure App Configuration and Azure Resource Manager are required.)
- `private_link_delegation` = `"Disabled"`

Type:

```hcl
object({
    authentication_mode     = string
    private_link_delegation = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_key_values"></a> [key\_values](#input\_key\_values)

Description: Map of objects containing App Configuration key-value attributes to create. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to ensure keys can always be known at plan time.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    key          = string
    value        = string
    content_type = optional(string, null)
    label        = optional(string, null)
    tags         = optional(map(string), null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_local_auth_enabled"></a> [local\_auth\_enabled](#input\_local\_auth\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable local authentication. Set to `false` to only allow Entra authentication, default is `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of this resource.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable public network access, default is `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_purge_protection_enabled"></a> [purge\_protection\_enabled](#input\_purge\_protection\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable purge protection, default is `true`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the principal. Possible values are `User`, `Group`, and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description: The SKU of the resource. Valid values are free, standard, and premium.

Type: `string`

Default: `"standard"`

### <a name="input_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days)

Description: The number of days that items are retained before being permanently deleted. Default is 7 days.

Type: `number`

Default: `7`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

### <a name="output_private_endpoint_resource_ids"></a> [private\_endpoint\_resource\_ids](#output\_private\_endpoint\_resource\_ids)

Description: A map of the private endpoints created to their resource ids.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource id of the resource.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_avm_interfaces"></a> [avm\_interfaces](#module\_avm\_interfaces)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-interfaces/azure

Version: 0.5.0

### <a name="module_avm_interfaces_private_endpoints"></a> [avm\_interfaces\_private\_endpoints](#module\_avm\_interfaces\_private\_endpoints)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-interfaces/azure

Version: 0.5.0

### <a name="module_key_values"></a> [key\_values](#module\_key\_values)

Source: ./modules/keyvalue

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: extended outputs (local branch) (#17)
* feat: add outputs for private endpoints and resource details

* Applied recomendations from `./avm pr-check`

* refactor: applied TFFR2

* fix: update response export values to include specific properties for endpoints and network interfaces

* chore: pre commit

---------

Co-authored-by: Marcin Słowikowski <59068696+msl0@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <tfmod442916@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azure-avm-res-appconfiguration-configurationstore

Deploys an Azure App Configuration Store.
Has submodules for:

- Key Value - the capability to store key-value pairs.
- Key Value (data) - the ability to retrieve key-value pairs.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.diag_settings](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.lock_pe](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoint_lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoint_role_assignments](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.private_endpoints](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignments](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignments_pe](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the this resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_resource_id"></a> [resource\_group\_resource\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource group id where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_azapi_schema_validation_enabled"></a> [azapi\_schema\_validation\_enabled](#input\_azapi\_schema\_validation\_enabled)

Description: Enable or disable schema validation for AzAPI resources. Default is `true`. Disable this when certain known-after-apply values cause issues with schema validation.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_data_plane_proxy"></a> [data\_plane\_proxy](#input\_data\_plane\_proxy)

Description: An object describing the data plane proxy configuration (access to the data plane via Azure Resource Manager). This includes the following properties:

- `authentication_mode` - The authentication mode for the data plane proxy. Possible values are `"Local"` and `"Pass-through"`.
- `private_link_delegation` - The private link delegation setting for the data plane proxy. Possible values are `"Enabled"` and `"Disabled"`.

If not specified, the default values are:

- `authentication_mode` = `"Pass-through"` (This mode is recommended. Microsoft Entra ID will be passed from Azure Resource Manager to App Configuration for authorization. Proper authorization for both Azure App Configuration and Azure Resource Manager are required.)
- `private_link_delegation` = `"Disabled"`

Type:

```hcl
object({
    authentication_mode     = string
    private_link_delegation = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_key_values"></a> [key\_values](#input\_key\_values)

Description: Map of objects containing App Configuration key-value attributes to create. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to ensure keys can always be known at plan time.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    key          = string
    value        = string
    content_type = optional(string, null)
    label        = optional(string, null)
    tags         = optional(map(string), null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_local_auth_enabled"></a> [local\_auth\_enabled](#input\_local\_auth\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable local authentication. Set to `false` to only allow Entra authentication, default is `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of this resource.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_public_network_access_enabled"></a> [public\_network\_access\_enabled](#input\_public\_network\_access\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable public network access, default is `false`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_purge_protection_enabled"></a> [purge\_protection\_enabled](#input\_purge\_protection\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable purge protection, default is `true`.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the principal. Possible values are `User`, `Group`, and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description: The SKU of the resource. Valid values are free, standard, and premium.

Type: `string`

Default: `"standard"`

### <a name="input_soft_delete_retention_days"></a> [soft\_delete\_retention\_days](#input\_soft\_delete\_retention\_days)

Description: The number of days that items are retained before being permanently deleted. Default is 7 days.

Type: `number`

Default: `7`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_endpoint"></a> [endpoint](#output\_endpoint)

Description: The default hostname of the resource.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

### <a name="output_private_endpoint_network_interface_ids"></a> [private\_endpoint\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_private\_endpoint\_network\_interface\_ids)

Description: A map of the private endpoints created to their network interface ids.

### <a name="output_private_endpoint_resource_ids"></a> [private\_endpoint\_resource\_ids](#output\_private\_endpoint\_resource\_ids)

Description: A map of the private endpoints created to their resource ids.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource id of the resource.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_avm_interfaces"></a> [avm\_interfaces](#module\_avm\_interfaces)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-interfaces/azure

Version: 0.5.0

### <a name="module_avm_interfaces_private_endpoints"></a> [avm\_interfaces\_private\_endpoints](#module\_avm\_interfaces\_private\_endpoints)

Source: Azure/avm-utl-interfaces/azure

Version: 0.5.0

### <a name="module_key_values"></a> [key\_values](#module\_key\_values)

Source: ./modules/keyvalue

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
